Document adding new repos to GOV.UK GitHub Infrastructure config (#2651)
alphagov/govuk-infrastructure: terraform/deployments/github/README.md

  ```shell
  GITHUB_TOKEN=<token> gds aws govuk-production-poweruser -- terraform apply
  ```
## Adding existing repositories

> To manage an existing repository using the GOV.UK GitHub Infrastructure configuration, it needs to be imported into terraform state. Otherwise terraform apply will fail because it will attempt to create a repository that already exists. 

Reviewer: ```suggestion
To manage an existing repository using the GOV.UK GitHub Infrastructure configuration, it needs to be imported into terraform state. Otherwise terraform apply will fail attempting to create a repository that already exists. 
```
